Add FAQ on 200 Rules Limit for Tracking Plan Updates via Public API (#7138)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/faq.md

### Are transformations applied when using the Event Tester?

Transformations are not applied to events sent through the [Event Tester](/docs/connections/test-connections/). The Event Tester operates independently from the Segment pipeline, focusing solely on testing specific connections to a destination. For a transformation to take effect, the event must be processed through the Segment pipeline.

> ### Why am I getting the error "rules must contain less than or equal to 200 items" when using the Public API and can this limit be increased?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why am I getting the error "rules must contain less than or equal to 200 items" when using the Public API? Can I increase this limit?
```

> This error occurs because there is a limit of 200 rules per API update, which is by design to ensure stable API performance. Unfortunately, increasing this limit isn’t possible at the moment. To work around this, split your update into smaller batches with 200 or fewer rules each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs because there is a limit of 200 rules per API update. This restriction is by design to ensure stable API performance. Segment is not able to increase this limit on your behalf. To work around this, split your update into smaller batches, each with 200 or fewer rules.
```
